Final exam page description. (#1248)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: ida-customizations/docs/emails/final-exam/email-exam-open.md

# Hey There!

**Great news! The exam is unlocked!**

Accessing the exam is a simple process:

Check your email (and spam folder) for an invitation to the [B9lab academy Gitlab server](https://git.academy.b9lab.com/). The email contains a link to setup your password. Follow this link to finish your account creation and log into the Gitlab server.

Once you are in you will see three repositories:

> 1. `IDA-P2-final-exam/student-projects/YourName-exam-code`. This is your repository for the coding part of the exam. You are its maintainer. Its content has been forked from `exam-code`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. `IDA-P2-final-exam/student-projects`. In this group you will find your repository for the coding part of the exam. You are its maintainer. Its content has been forked from `exam-code`.
```
